Restfull api 
client sends requests to server 
server received response from client 
This has certain rules/standards called Restfull api 

Rule1: Server Client Architechture 
Server is separate machine and Client is separate machine and so 
both should not be dependent on each other 
Eg Response can be text, img, html doc, Json but what should be send to server?
if data is sent as html doc. Eg GET request of Blogs. Blogs is fetched from database and 
we made html doc out of it which is send as Response.
if the client is Browser then the html doc will be rendered on screen - no problem 
but what if client is Moblile then obv we cant rendered html which is a problem 
Second problem - we deciding how data should be shown 
(SERVER SIDE RENDERING - SSR)
here Client is dependent on the server 

Json
we can we use XML (old way) or Json
Json are key value pairs which is raw data 
json will be send from server to client 
client (can be mobile) will read json and will render on its own screen
here Client can independently process data

When to use html doc and when to use JSON??

i. if you are sure that the client is only broser then its good practice to pass data as html. Eg Google uses SSR
as because no processing of raw data so easier for Client 

ii. But if its a cross platoform - Browser, mobile or ios then use json

Rule2: Always respect http methods
get, post, put, patch, delete
GET /user - read users data and return data
POST /user - handle new user creation
PATCH /user - update the user

what if route is 
POST /updateUser - why not use PATCH
POST /createUser
GET /getUser - why putting get keyword here
this is against rules - always use Rules 

html render 
res.send(), res.render()

json render 
res.json() - api inside brackets 

Summary - html rendering is fast as it has one less step. if we use client side rendering (CSR) - when we get client side data and we render it 
on our own is CSR. React uses CSR. React is slow as Here data is fetched then rendered. Html uses SSR.
